#Choice of WebServer

#Status: Incomplete

#Context: Assignment 2 for designing a simple database and run containers to display the database on a web server.

#Decision: PHP is highly used query language which is compatible with other webservers. It's commonly used with MySQL which I'm using for the server side. It's an open source language and is regularly updated. It is RESTful because each action is separated into modules and uses such things like POST for a request method.

1/30/19 This code was updated to reflect a MVC model because separations of concerns. I wanted to make sure the code was separated when I come back to edit it and don't have to worry about changing code on every layer. This is a reflection of a BASE model. It is basically available, the database is available to be manipulated. It is soft state because there is no way to prevent duplicate entries into the database. It is going to be eventually consistent when the database is updated in the future.

2/4/19 Code has been updated to allow a customer name search, display customers that match the search, can update customer information and add customers. Had to reimplement a DB object and added a global $DB variable to communicate with other pages. Tried to keep crossing variables across files to a minimum

2/26/19 Changed from MVC to a messy single folder due to a issue with copying multiple folders over. This is by no means a good organization of code. 

#Consequences: Not very scalable, increased complexity. Single folder full of php files can be more difficult to parse in the future.